---
layout: post
title:  "Project Update - July 2017"
date:   2017-07-13 00:00:00 -0500
categories: update
---

Holy friggin' moly, it has been a while. I haven't been making very much new content over the past few months because my old laptop crapped out, but I have returned with a brand new system76 Lemur laptop. I haven't had it for too long yet, but it's pretty slick, and I fully intend to do a review of it... after a few changes go into action. Over the past few months or so, I've been writing this website almost solely in Markdown instead of HTML. That's all fine & dandy as far as saving time goes without a doubt. However, I've been uneasy about using a prebuilt theme. More accurately, I'm sick of it. The thing about working with jekyll is that the API is more complex than I'm willing to take on. That's not to say that I couldn't familiarize myself with it, but why bother when I'm already familiar with HTML/CSS. With that being said, this website is gonna be receiving another layout overhaul fairly soon. I want to get back to the KISS (Keep It Simple, Stupid!) style of things: a minimal CSS theme with pages written entirely in HTML. That's really the best way to [#MakeTheWebHTMLAgain](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tefielQeHZY). No unnecessary Javascript & whatnot. That layout will be coming around fairly soon to this website, so keep checking back here for it. Also, the RSS feed is gonna go away as a result of this, which shouldn't be too much of an issue since the new layout will be 100% compatible with terminal/console-based browsers. However, I do plan to keep [The Groovy Galleon](https://marksilvermedia.github.io/groovygalleon/) as is, atleast for the time being. It's just written in plain markdown that is automatically converted to HTML by Github, so there's not really anything hindering my complete control over that webspace. The next episode of its podcast will be coming in a few days, and I'm gonna be reviewing some pretty good releases on that episode. Towards the end of that episode, I'll be talking about [this new EP](https://marksilver.bandcamp.com/album/straw-in-the-ocean-ep) that I released on the fourth of this month, foreshadowing musical content yet to come.

That's enough about me... atleast for now. Go... get out there... enjoy your day or something.
